[TINB-92] - Add pre-commit hook to check print() (#15)
olist/hulks: CHANGES.rst

Changelog
---------

0.3.0
~~~~~

> * Add new hook to check print statements in classes/methods/functions

Reviewer: Que tal?
```suggestion
* Add new hook to check print statements in code
```
